mezzanine: 3dtof: updated guides and sdk link (#864)
96boards/documentation: mezzanine/3dtof/README.md

---

> title: Documentation for Analog Device’s 3D Time Of Flight Mezzanine Stack

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Documentation for Analog Devices 3D Time Of Flight Mezzanine Stack
```

permalink: /documentation/mezzanine/3dtof/
---

> # Analog Device’s 3D Time Of Flight Mezzanine Stack

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Analog Devices 3D Time Of Flight Mezzanine Stack
```

- 1) [Introduction](#introduction)

> 	- 1.1) [About the Analog Device’s 3D Time Of Flight Mezzanine Stack](#11-about-the-analog-devices-3d-time-of-flight-mezzanine-stack)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	- 1.1) [About the Analog Devices 3D Time Of Flight Mezzanine Stack](#11-about-the-analog-devices-3d-time-of-flight-mezzanine-stack)
```

	- 1.2) [Features & Specifications](#12-features-and-specifications)
- 2) [Guides](#2-guides)
- 3) [Files](#3-files)

## 1) Introduction

> ### 1.1) About the Analog Device’s 3D Time Of Flight Mezzanine Stack

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 1.1) About the Analog Devices 3D Time Of Flight Mezzanine Stack
```
